r1-log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Isaac Miti]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [Monday, 5 March, 2018].

## Log

### R1D1
Started back end development on music website.

### R1D2
University website pages add and some UI changes made to existing ones.

### R1D3
Continued work on University website major progress made on interface and mostly the home page.

### R1D4
Worked with Bootstrap grid system and learnt a new way of manipulating the grid.

### R1D5
Continued working on pages from the previous day, adding images, modals and changing content.

### R1D6
Significant progress made on university website, added tables and figured out how to us multiple rows without collisions.

### R1D7
Data validation is an important part of development at this stage.

### R1D8
Web development can be quite challenging when you are a solo developer.

### R1D8
Significant progress made on validation script for prevent blank entries in dabatabase.

### R1D8
Significant progress made on validation script for prevent made some changes.

### R1D10
Started working on open source project from github

### R1D11
Used flex on for the first time to align page elements without using a framework.

### R1D12
Continued work on open source suing pure CSS and it was a challenge testing my skills.

### R1D13
Worked on open source project, styling and making minor changes.

### R1D14
Was introduced to GraphQL with Spotify shopping.

### R1D15
Started working on an open source html form.

### R1D16
Back to working on university website, creating a dashboard, login form and log out script.

### R1D17
Changed parts of the home page and moved some content to match user request.

### R1D18
Made chandes to image upload page and added a side menu for admin console.

### R1D19
Started work on a JavaScript guess game.

### R1D20
Worked with SQL Server 2017 and started another bootstrap website.

### R1D21
Worked on backend PHP and a bit of Frontend CSS + Bootstrap

### R1D22
Created more pages for website I'm working on.

### R1D23
80% complete of frontend development using Bootstrap.

### R1D24
Did not do much just touched some python and javascript.

### R1D25
Contact form is complete including send script.

### R1D26
Made more changes to UI and UX to suit user needs

### R1D27
Developed more on the backend, troubleshooting scripts.

### R1D28
Completed development on both frontend and backend, time for deployment.

### R1D29
Started designs on a new project, wireframing and mockups.

### R1D30
Worked on HNG 4 Internship challenges.

### R1D31
Continued working on HNG 4 Internship challenges and pushing repos to github.

### R1D32
Started designing a web site for a construction company.

### R1D33
Work on construction web site is dragging but moving.

### R1D34
Designed aand coded 90% of the web site.

### R1D35
Finished developing web site, ready for review and testing.

### R1D36
Worked with PHP data types and gaining more understanding.

### R1D37
Tweaked UI and made changes to web site structure.

### R1D38
I worked on some backend PHP scripts, started making a PHP bot.

### R1D39
Resumed work on university web site, made some changes.

### R1D40
Coded and practiced a few JavaScript functions I learnt.

### R1D41
Finally started learning React JS.

### R1D42
Lazyed around work on some web projects.

### R1D43
Development on Music web site, changes to database mostly.

### R1D44
Alternated between projects, mostly web development.

### R1D45
Learnt a bit of python and android dev.

### R1D46
Started Java for the sake of android.

### R1D47
Continued learning Java basics

### R1D48
Still on Java

### R1D49
Java again

### R1D50
Learning React, declaring variables and ES6.

### R1D51
Heroku PHP app deloyment

### R1D52
More on heroku platform deployment.

### R1D53
Tried deploying a PHP app to heroku.

### R1D54
Datascience tools and technics.

### R1D55
C# basics, syntax and datatypes

### R1D56
University website reworking the functionality and database.

### R1D57
Worked on company site and learnt about neural networks.

### R1D58
Did some Python development.

### R1D59
Continued working with Python.

### R1D60
Looked at PHP apps and Wrote some JavaScript.

### R1D61
Worked with more JavaScript, APIs to be specific Firebase.

### R1D62
More JavaScript development, included React.js.

### R1D63
Developed a single page web site for a tech company.

### R1D64
Dived into Android applications development.

### R1D65
Java development with IntelliJ Idea.

### R1D66
Continued with Android development, layouts.

### R1D67
Open Cart store development started.

### R1D68
PHP and MySQL development, horning my skills.

### R1D69
Dived into JavaScript ES6.

### R1D70
Tried location based APIs from what3words and more JavaScript.

### R1D71
Added products in Open Cart store.

### R1D72
JavaScript development, Node.Js and some game dev concepts.

### R1D73
C# development in 2018 using latest standards.

### R1D74
C# development, console apps and Open Cart development.

### R1D75
Learnt more on C# using var to declare variables.

### R1D76
Creating links using JavaScript querySelector method.

### R1D77
Divided into React.JS learning components.

### R1D78
UWP creating simple apps using VS Studio, looked at Microsoft documentation.

### R1D79
Learnt and looked at Facebook JavaScript testing environment Jest.

### R1D80
Open Cart development on the back-end.

### R1D81
Docker on windows and creating containerised applications.

### R1D82
Started a GitHub mini.js challenges wih someone from Twitter.

### R1D83
Worked on Front-end of university website and Open Cart development.

### R1D84
More development on university site and Open Cart.

### R1D85
Android development and Open Source contribution to UI www.codeisscience.com

### R1D86
More development on Android and Open Source project.

### R1D87
Took it a notch down and worked with generating icons and working with HTML5 SVG

### R1D88
Worked on Facebook page connected to www.sumat-tech.com, React.JS and Node.Js with Express

### R1D89
Went back to React.JS develpoment, working with components and states.

### R1D90
Pushing with React.JS development. Coding on props, proptypes and children.

### R1D91
Open Cart development and UI for www.bantupo.com

### R1D92
Build day community challenge ideas put in motion, development environment created.

### R1D93
Created web mockups and wrote MD for challenge.

### R1D94
React.JS development for communiy challenge.

### R1D95
More React.JS development. Learnt how to create states using a form.

### R1D96
Again React.JS and Firebase development.

### R1D97
Slowed down a bit with React.JS

### Day 98: June 29, 2018, Friday
**Thoughts**

Commit message:

Finally done with the 100 days of code challenge

r1-log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Isaac Miti]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [Monday, 5 March, 2018].

## Log

### R1D1
Started back end development on music website.

### R1D2
University website pages add and some UI changes made to existing ones.

### R1D3
Continued work on University website major progress made on interface and mostly the home page.

### R1D4
Worked with Bootstrap grid system and learnt a new way of manipulating the grid.

### R1D5
Continued working on pages from the previous day, adding images, modals and changing content.

### R1D6
Significant progress made on university website, added tables and figured out how to us multiple rows without collisions.

### R1D7
Data validation is an important part of development at this stage.

### R1D8
Web development can be quite challenging when you are a solo developer.

### R1D8
Significant progress made on validation script for prevent blank entries in dabatabase.

### R1D8
Significant progress made on validation script for prevent made some changes.

### R1D10
Started working on open source project from github

### R1D11
Used flex on for the first time to align page elements without using a framework.

### R1D12
Continued work on open source suing pure CSS and it was a challenge testing my skills.

### R1D13
Worked on open source project, styling and making minor changes.

### R1D14
Was introduced to GraphQL with Spotify shopping.

### R1D15
Started working on an open source html form.

### R1D16
Back to working on university website, creating a dashboard, login form and log out script.

### R1D17
Changed parts of the home page and moved some content to match user request.

### R1D18
Made chandes to image upload page and added a side menu for admin console.

### R1D19
Started work on a JavaScript guess game.

### R1D20
Worked with SQL Server 2017 and started another bootstrap website.

### R1D21
Worked on backend PHP and a bit of Frontend CSS + Bootstrap

### R1D22
Created more pages for website I'm working on.

### R1D23
80% complete of frontend development using Bootstrap.

### R1D24
Did not do much just touched some python and javascript.

### R1D25
Contact form is complete including send script.

### R1D26
Made more changes to UI and UX to suit user needs

### R1D27
Developed more on the backend, troubleshooting scripts.

### R1D28
Completed development on both frontend and backend, time for deployment.

### R1D29
Started designs on a new project, wireframing and mockups.

### R1D30
Worked on HNG 4 Internship challenges.

### R1D31
Continued working on HNG 4 Internship challenges and pushing repos to github.

### R1D32
Started designing a web site for a construction company.

### R1D33
Work on construction web site is dragging but moving.

### R1D34
Designed aand coded 90% of the web site.

### R1D35
Finished developing web site, ready for review and testing.

### R1D36
Worked with PHP data types and gaining more understanding.

### R1D37
Tweaked UI and made changes to web site structure.

### R1D38
I worked on some backend PHP scripts, started making a PHP bot.

### R1D39
Resumed work on university web site, made some changes.

### R1D40
Coded and practiced a few JavaScript functions I learnt.

### R1D41
Finally started learning React JS.

### R1D42
Lazyed around work on some web projects.

### R1D43
Development on Music web site, changes to database mostly.

### R1D44
Alternated between projects, mostly web development.

### R1D45
Learnt a bit of python and android dev.

### R1D46
Started Java for the sake of android.

### R1D47
Continued learning Java basics

### R1D48
Still on Java

### R1D49
Java again

### R1D50
Learning React, declaring variables and ES6.

### R1D51
Heroku PHP app deloyment

### R1D52
More on heroku platform deployment.

### R1D53
Tried deploying a PHP app to heroku.

### R1D54
Datascience tools and technics.

### R1D55
C# basics, syntax and datatypes

### R1D56
University website reworking the functionality and database.

### R1D57
Worked on company site and learnt about neural networks.

### R1D58
Did some Python development.

### R1D59
Continued working with Python.

### R1D60
Looked at PHP apps and Wrote some JavaScript.

### R1D61
Worked with more JavaScript, APIs to be specific Firebase.

### R1D62
More JavaScript development, included React.js.

### R1D63
Developed a single page web site for a tech company.

### R1D64
Dived into Android applications development.

### R1D65
Java development with IntelliJ Idea.

### R1D66
Continued with Android development, layouts.

### R1D67
Open Cart store development started.

### R1D68
PHP and MySQL development, horning my skills.

### R1D69
Dived into JavaScript ES6.

### R1D70
Tried location based APIs from what3words and more JavaScript.

### R1D71
Added products in Open Cart store.

### R1D72
JavaScript development, Node.Js and some game dev concepts.

### R1D73
C# development in 2018 using latest standards.

### R1D74
C# development, console apps and Open Cart development.

### R1D75
Learnt more on C# using var to declare variables.

### R1D76
Creating links using JavaScript querySelector method.

### R1D77
Divided into React.JS learning components.

### R1D78
UWP creating simple apps using VS Studio, looked at Microsoft documentation.

### R1D79
Learnt and looked at Facebook JavaScript testing environment Jest.

### R1D80
Open Cart development on the back-end.

### R1D81
Docker on windows and creating containerised applications.

### R1D82
Started a GitHub mini.js challenges wih someone from Twitter.

### R1D83
Worked on Front-end of university website and Open Cart development.

### R1D84
More development on university site and Open Cart.

### R1D85
Android development and Open Source contribution to UI www.codeisscience.com

### R1D86
More development on Android and Open Source project.

### R1D87
Took it a notch down and worked with generating icons and working with HTML5 SVG

### R1D88
Worked on Facebook page connected to www.sumat-tech.com, React.JS and Node.Js with Express

### R1D89
Went back to React.JS develpoment, working with components and states.

### R1D90
Pushing with React.JS development. Coding on props, proptypes and children.

### R1D91
Open Cart development and UI for www.bantupo.com

### R1D92
Build day community challenge ideas put in motion, development environment created.

### R1D93
Created web mockups and wrote MD for challenge.

### R1D94
React.JS development for communiy challenge.

### R1D95
More React.JS development. Learnt how to create states using a form.

### R1D96
Again React.JS and Firebase development.

### R1D97
Slowed down a bit with React.JS

### R1D98
Quite some progress I have made

### R1D99
I'm almost there with my React JS

### R1D100
Success with React.JS and a wrap up
